the sea-ice will not freeze properly
till it reaches minus 2 degrees for now
it's still too warm this ice is no use
to the Bears they can't walk to hunt
the normally unsocial bears gather in
groups trapped on the shoreline
this is the time of year the male bears
spa only the biggest bears have the
energy reserves to fight after a summer
without food the bear systems are in no
gear
these aerobics help warm them up in
readiness for the winter hunting of the
head
Oh
it's late October but still the sea
hasn't frozen for every degree rise in
the average temperature the summer melt
is extended by a whole week that's more
bad news for polar bears
smaller younger bears don't have the
energy of the big males each day they
are without food they lose nearly a kilo
some have lost half of their body weight
these hungry bears must now rest in the
snow and conserve energy all they can do
is wait
you